docs: initial accessibility section in each component page (#175)
Refinitiv/refinitiv-ui: documents/src/pages/elements/tree.md

  console.log(tree.values); // access selected items
});
```

## Accessibility
::a11y-intro::

> Tree element is assigned `role="tree"` and can include properties such as `aria-multiselectable`, `aria-label`, or `aria-labelledby`. It receives focus once at host and it is navigable through items using arrow keys. Each item is assigned `role="treeitem"` and can include properties such as `aria-selected` or `aria-checked` in `multiple` mode. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tree element is assigned `role="tree"` and can include properties such as `aria-multiselectable`, `aria-label`, or `aria-labelledby`. It receives focus once at host and it is navigable through items using `Up` and `Down` arrow keys and expand or collapse using `Left` and `Right. Each item is assigned `role="treeitem"` and can include properties such as `aria-selected` or `aria-checked` in `multiple` mode. 
```

> The Tree component is assigned `role="tree"` and can include properties such as `aria-multiselectable`, `aria-label`, or `aria-labelledby`. Since the Tree component serves as a container for the Tree Select component, it does not itself receive keyboard focus. Each node of the Tree Select is assigned `role="treeitem"` and can include properties such as `aria-selected`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tree element is assigned `role="tree"` and can include properties such as `aria-multiselectable`, `aria-label`, or `aria-labelledby`. It receives focus once at host and it is navigable through items using arrow keys. Each item is assigned `role="treeitem"` and can include properties such as `aria-selected` or `aria-checked` in `multiple` mode. 
```

Similar should apply to list.

Author: Actually I haven't reviewed Tree yet but thanks for suggestion :)
